feat(loki/src/k8s): configurable default `instance` label for scraped pod logs (#6739)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/loki.source.kubernetes.md

[using clustering]: {{< relref "../../concepts/clustering.md" >}}

### default_instance_label block

The `default_instance_label` block configures default "instance" label to be assigned with logs 

> scraped from inputted targets.

Reviewer: I'm not really following what this is describing. If the `enabled` argument is set to `true` in the `default_instance_label` block then you can explicitly assign an instance label with `value` argument? 

So, how does this relate to "logs scraped from inputted targets"? Is this what happens when you don't set `enabled` to `true`?

Author: >  If the enabled argument is set to true in the default_instance_label block then you can explicitly assign an instance label with value argument?

yes, this is what I'm trying to convey

> So, how does this relate to "logs scraped from inputted targets"? Is this what happens when you don't set enabled to true?
The scraped logs from inputted targets are the pod logs to have the default "instance" label. If we don't set `enabled=true`, the behavior would stay the same as before, i.e. automatically assign an "instance" label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `default_instance_label` block to explicitly define the default "instance" label assigned to the logs 
scraped from the targets.
```

So, something like this?

Author: Yes! That's the spot

> If `default_instance_label` block is not provided, the target's address is used as the default `instance` label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't provide the `default_instance_label` block, the target's address is used as the default instance label.
```

The following arguments are supported:

Name                     | Type                | Description                                                   | Default | Required
------------------------ | ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | --------

> `enabled`                | `bool`              | Enable setting default "instance" label value.                | true    | no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`enabled`                | `bool`              | Enable setting default instance label value.                | true    | no
```

> `enabled`                | `bool`              | Enable setting default instance label value.                | true    | no

Reviewer 2: Why do we need a separate enabled value? Would having a value inherently make it true?

Reviewer 3: AFAIK in both Prometheus and Loki, an empty value label is considered equivalent to a label that doesn't exist.

So in this case, you wouldn't really be able to have an empty instance label. I'd agree this makes sense as an attribute instead of a block. It should only override `defaultInstance` when it's expliticly supplied as a non-empty string.

Author: Very cool knowing the practice put in place by other parts of the ecosystem :D

I'd try implementing it that way.

Author: I just realized that the original requester would like to disable the behavior of setting default `instance` label too 🤦 

And having an empty string to disable the behavior would be breaking change, unless we choose a token to signify the act of disabling, like `defaultInstanceLabel="disabled"` or something, which doesn't seem right to me 🤔 

To have both the ability to disable the behavior and to set a custom default `instance` label, I think we gotta resort to block now (unless having a separate attribute :D)
